[docs] Android Studio Emulator: utilize helper components, update page (#19584)
expo/expo: docs/pages/workflow/android-studio-emulator.mdx

If you run into any problems setting it up, follow the steps in this guide.

## Set up Android Studio's tools

<Step label="1">

[Download](https://developer.android.com/studio) and install Android Studio 3.0+.

</Step>

<Step label="2">

Select **"Standard"** for the **"Install Type"** inside the wizard.

</Step>

<Step label="3">
Inside Android Studio, go to **Preferences > Appearance & Behavior > System Settings > Android SDK**.
Click on the **"SDK Tools"** tab and make sure you have at least one version of the **"Android SDK Build-Tools"** installed.

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="Android SDK build tools"
  src="/static/images/android-studio-build-tools.png"
/>
</Step>

<Step label="4">
Copy or remember the path listed in the box that says **"Android SDK Location"**.

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="Android SDK location"
  src="/static/images/android-studio-sdk-location.png"
/>
</Step>

<Step label="5">
If you are on macOS or Linux, add an [environment variable](https://developer.android.com/studio/command-line/variables#envar) pointing to the Android SDK location

> in `~/.bash_profile` (or `~/.zshenv` if you use Zsh) - eg. `export ANDROID_HOME=/your/path/here`. Copy and paste these two lines to do this automatically for Bash and Zsh:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in `~/.bash_profile` (or `~/.zshenv` if you use Zsh) - for example:`export ANDROID_HOME=/your/path/here`. Copy and paste these two lines to do this automatically for Bash and Zsh:
```

Unrelated to the changes in this PR.
I'm suggesting here to update Latin abbreviations to spell out the word it is meant for as per our [docs styleguide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#abbreviations).

```bash
[ -d "$HOME/Library/Android/sdk" ] && ANDROID_HOME=$HOME/Library/Android/sdk || ANDROID_HOME=$HOME/Android/Sdk
echo "export ANDROID_HOME=$ANDROID_HOME" >> ~/`[[ $SHELL == *"zsh" ]] && echo '.zshenv' || echo '.bash_profile'`
```
</Step>

<Step label="6">

> On macOS, you will also need to add `platform-tools` to your `~/.bash_profile` (or `~/.zshenv` if you use Zsh) - eg. `export PATH=/your/path/here:$PATH`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, you will also need to add `platform-tools` to your `~/.bash_profile` (or `~/.zshenv` if you use Zsh) - for example: `export PATH=/your/path/here:$PATH`.
```
